Changes to subnets Getting Started and Overview guides (#261)
hirosystems/stacks-subnets: docs/overview.md

## Features

> A subnet is designed to on and off-board Stacks assets, meaning users can move assets from the Stacks chain in and out of a subnet. While a user's assets are in a subnet, the asset is locked in the subnet contract on the Stacks chain, and representations of those assets are created—appearing in a user's Hiro Wallet—and handled by applications on the subnet. The benefit of these subnet applications is the higher throughput and faster block time relative to Stacks mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subnet is designed to temporarily hold Stacks assets. Users can deposit assets from the Stacks chain, take advantage of faster transactions and lower fees while on the subnet, and withdraw them when finished.
While a user's assets are in a subnet, the asset is locked in the subnet contract on the Stacks chain, and representations of those assets are created—appearing in a user's Hiro Wallet—and handled by applications on the subnet.
```
